c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\bin\TestTask.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\bin\TestTask.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\obj\Debug\TestTask.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\obj\Debug\TestTask.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\obj\Debug\TestTask.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestTask\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
